[Music]
Yes,
very good, how are you family, my dear
lovers of the heart, how are you
honey, well, let's talk about the latest
sacking that Juan López de Zárate has done, who, as you
know, is the editor and the one who
runs Antonio David Flores' channel to
Mediaset and watch out because this could
open a new can of worms that
hadn't crossed my mind, we've been
talking about the dismissals that have occurred
at Telecinco and you presenters,
specifically, there have been two, that of Paz Padilla
who is already involved in a trial
that they are trying to avoid and that of
Carlota Corredera, although it has been
a dismissal that they have disguised, it is a
dismissal, there is no project
behind it, they are not going to give
this person any program because nobody can see her and
obviously giving the programs would be
taking a 5 from Chase which goes to Telecinco
because you are only expelling
women from work, it is not enough
that Jorge Javier, um, and of old age and insults
people who are invited to the
interviews,
that does not have retaliation.  It happens, is there
some kind of fear because none of
the sisters, as
Juan López de Zárate is saying here, are
complaining about the matter and are
pointing out the Fuencarral network for
absolute sexism because they only
fire women. Family, what are you
thinking? Do
n't you think this is a sexist tactic?
Why don't they fire Javier now?
Carlota from behind and Carlota Corredera is more hated
than Jorge Javier. I thought
that sincerely, well, I don't know, I think they're trying to arm
wrestle. I
'll be reading you in the
comments box anyway. Don't forget to like and
share the video and we'll see each other in the
next video. A big hug from the
family.
[Music]